I'm currently working on the PetTracker system with the jt-mqtt simulator. Recent updates have modified the converter code to publish GPS tracking data as JSON messages to an MQTT broker. For now, I’m using a local MQTT broker (Mosquitto) running at mqtt://localhost:1883 for testing before switching to AWS IoT in production.

I need detailed testing instructions to verify the changes. Please provide:

Steps to Verify the Local Mosquitto Broker:

How to confirm Mosquitto is installed, configured, and running (e.g., using ps aux | grep mosquitto or checking the broker log).

Any commands or scripts (e.g., nohup mosquitto -c mosquitto.conf > mosquitto.log 2>&1 &) to start the broker in the background.

Using a Subscription Client to Test MQTT Messages:

Instructions on how to use a tool like mosquitto_sub to subscribe to the relevant MQTT topic (e.g., pettracker/#). For example, please provide a sample command like:

bash
Copy
mosquitto_sub -h localhost -p 1883 -t "pettracker/#" -v
Explain what output to expect when the simulator publishes messages.

End-to-End Testing of the Data Pipeline:

Detailed steps on how to start the jt-mqtt simulator and converter so that they connect to the Mosquitto broker.

How to verify that the converter is successfully publishing JSON messages to the broker (for example, through debug logs or by observing messages using mosquitto_sub).

Testing Integration with the PetTracker Frontend (Optional):

Guidance on how to simulate a frontend subscription (or how the backend may relay data) and verify that the Mapbox map is updated with the tracking data.

Any sample code or instructions on observing real-time data updates on the map.

Deliverables:

A step-by-step guide or checklist for testing the entire MQTT pipeline locally, from running the Mosquitto broker through to verifying published messages and front-end integration.

Example commands, configuration verification steps, and pointers on what expected outputs or log messages should look like.

The goal is to ensure that the complete data pipeline—from the JT/T 808-2013 simulator, through the MQTT converter, to the local Mosquitto broker (and eventually to the PetTracker frontend)—is working properly. Please provide detailed instructions so I can confidently test and verify that each component is operating as expected.